README.md, before:

# 🚀 Mental Health Awareness Website - Checklist

> Build. Test. Ship. Improve.  
> Everything you need to create a reliable, scalable single-page web application.

<div align="center">
	<code><img width="70" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/refs/heads/main/icons/html.png" alt="HTML" title="HTML"/></code>
	<code><img width="70" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/refs/heads/main/icons/css.png" alt="CSS" title="CSS"/></code>
	<code><img width="70" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/refs/heads/main/icons/bootstrap.png" alt="Bootstrap" title="Bootstrap"/></code>
	<code><img width="70" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/refs/heads/main/icons/javascript.png" alt="JavaScript" title="JavaScript"/></code>
	<code><img width="70" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/refs/heads/main/icons/visual_studio_code.png" alt="Visual Studio Code" title="Visual Studio Code"/></code>
	<code><img width="70" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/refs/heads/main/icons/git.png" alt="Git" title="Git"/></code>
	<code><img width="70" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/refs/heads/main/icons/github.png" alt="GitHub" title="GitHub"/></code>
	<code><img width="70" <img src="https://iconic-api.onrender.com/dark/copilot" alt="Copilot" title="Copilot"/></code>
</div>

---

## 🧠 Front-End Build

Craft a responsive, accessible one-page site with smooth UX and clean design.

### ✅ Checklist

- [ ] Cohesive one-page layout with navigation and structured sections  
- [ ] Accessibility: color contrast, alt text for media  
- [ ] Responsive design via media queries, Flexbox/Grid, or Bootstrap  
- [ ] Semantic HTML tags for structured readability  
- [ ] Intuitive user interactions (e.g., play/pause with feedback)

---

## 🧪 Testing & Validation

Verify across devices and tools to make sure the build performs as expected.

### ✅ Checklist

- [ ] HTML/CSS pass W3C and Jigsaw validation (0 errors)  
- [ ] Layout adapts to all screen sizes  
- [ ] Semantic markup supports accessibility and SEO  
- [ ] Navigation remains smooth on desktop and mobile

---

## ☁️ Deployment

Publish with confidence. Final version matches development, no loose ends.

### ✅ Checklist

- [ ] Deployed to cloud platform (GitHub Pages / Netlify / Vercel)  
- [ ] Codebase synced to GitHub repo with clear commit history  
- [ ] No commented-out or unused code in final version  
- [ ] All internal links and interactions function as intended

---

## 📚 Maintainability

Future-proof with strong documentation and clean versioning.

### ✅ Checklist

- [ ] `README.md` includes project purpose, value, and setup/deployment instructions  
- [ ] Screenshots included (compressed + captioned)  
- [ ] Clear and ethical attribution for reused assets/code  
- [ ] Folder/file naming follows a consistent convention

---

## 🧩 Retrospective & Reflection

Improve by analyzing your development decisions—what worked, what didn’t, and why.

### ✅ Checklist

- [ ] Honest evaluation of design/dev decisions  
- [ ] Actionable suggestions for future iterations  
- [ ] Reflection connects directly to build outcomes  
- [ ] Structured writing with clear sections and professional tone

---

## 🎯 Bonus Tips

- Use badges for build status, license, and contributors  
- Consider GitHub Actions for auto-linting and deployment  
- Add issue templates or pull request guidelines if collaborators are expected  
- Include a live demo link near the top for quick preview

---

Commit message:

Update README with new instructions

README.md, after:

# 🚀 Mental Health Awareness Website - Checklist

> Build. Test. Ship. Improve.  
> Everything you need to create a reliable, scalable single-page web application.

<div align="center">
	<code><img width="70" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/refs/heads/main/icons/html.png" alt="HTML" title="HTML"/></code>
	<code><img width="70" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/refs/heads/main/icons/css.png" alt="CSS" title="CSS"/></code>
	<code><img width="70" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/refs/heads/main/icons/bootstrap.png" alt="Bootstrap" title="Bootstrap"/></code>
	<code><img width="70" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/refs/heads/main/icons/javascript.png" alt="JavaScript" title="JavaScript"/></code>
	<code><img width="70" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/refs/heads/main/icons/visual_studio_code.png" alt="Visual Studio Code" title="Visual Studio Code"/></code>
	<code><img width="70" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/refs/heads/main/icons/git.png" alt="Git" title="Git"/></code>
	<code><img width="70" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/refs/heads/main/icons/github.png" alt="GitHub" title="GitHub"/></code>
	<code><img width="70" <img src="https://iconic-api.onrender.com/dark/copilot" alt="Copilot" title="Copilot"/></code>
</div>

---

## 🧠 Front-End Build

Craft a responsive, accessible one-page site with smooth UX and clean design.

### ✅ Checklist

- [ ] Cohesive one-page layout with navigation and structured sections  
- [ ] Accessibility: color contrast, alt text for media  
- [ ] Responsive design via media queries, Flexbox/Grid, or Bootstrap  
- [ ] Semantic HTML tags for structured readability  
- [ ] Intuitive user interactions (e.g., play/pause with feedback)

---

## 🧪 Testing & Validation

Verify across devices and tools to make sure the build performs as expected.

### ✅ Checklist

- [ ] HTML/CSS pass W3C and Jigsaw validation (0 errors)  
- [ ] Layout adapts to all screen sizes  
- [ ] Semantic markup supports accessibility and SEO  
- [ ] Navigation remains smooth on desktop and mobile

---

## ☁️ Deployment

Publish with confidence. Final version matches development, no loose ends.

### ✅ Checklist

- [ ] Deployed to cloud platform (GitHub Pages / Netlify / Vercel)  
- [ ] Codebase synced to GitHub repo with clear commit history  
- [ ] No commented-out or unused code in final version  
- [ ] All internal links and interactions function as intended

---

## 📚 Maintainability

Future-proof with strong documentation and clean versioning.

### ✅ Checklist

- [ ] `README.md` includes project purpose, value, and setup/deployment instructions  
- [ ] Screenshots included (compressed + captioned)  
- [ ] Clear and ethical attribution for reused assets/code  
- [ ] Folder/file naming follows a consistent convention

---

## 🧩 Retrospective & Reflection

Improve by analyzing your development decisions—what worked, what didn’t, and why.

### ✅ Checklist

- [ ] Honest evaluation of design/dev decisions  
- [ ] Actionable suggestions for future iterations  
- [ ] Reflection connects directly to build outcomes  
- [ ] Structured writing with clear sections and professional tone
- [ ] Demonstrates strategic use of AI for generating code aligned with project objectives.

---

## 🎯 Bonus Tips

- [ ] Use badges for build status, license, and contributors  
- [ ] Consider GitHub Actions for auto-linting and deployment  
- [ ] Add issue templates or pull request guidelines if collaborators are expected  
- [ ] Include a live demo link near the top for quick preview
- [ ] Brief reflection in README.md on key decisions where AI was used to generate code, focusing on the outcomes rather than detailed prompts or manual interventions.

---
